Hi, guys.
Welcome.
In this lecture, we are going to be able to select Subcategories for the main category.
That is when we click on main category.
Just Men Subcategory are going to be displayed over here when we click on the electronics, just the
electronics subcategories are going to be displayed here.
Okay.
Now, in order to do this, the first step is to create a variable.
And we are going to create this variable over here and it's going to be a type of list and we are expecting
a test as is value.
So this is going to be a string and we can then call this sub.
Category list, and we're going to set it to an empty list.
And now what we can do in order to make this dynamic.
We can get rid of this man subcategory we have to get rid of it and use the sub category list.
We just created this culture and save now.
Okay.
We come this.
You can see currently it is disable and the reason the button is disabled is because we do not have
any subcategory item in this list.
You can see we do not have any item in this list.
Right.
Sorry.
Over.
Over year, we did not have the men, let's have men and we shared and so on.
Maybe these are necessary.
We also need to shed value, right?
Schitt's.
--.
I think it's capital letter.
Okay.
And this is contract save and go check this out.
It won't be longer visible, but it's going to hurt.
We start this.
Okay.
We just have to wait.
It's going to start this now.
And go check upload.
And you can see it is no longer disabled.
So the reason it was disabled is because we do not have any item in this list, but we are going to
have item to this list dynamically.
Now to do this, we have to use an if statement.
Okay, over.
This said state.
That is the main category drop down.
See, we have the main category drop down over here.
We can for now, get rid of this set state.
And what we are going to do.
We are going to have some check.
We can say if you.
If value that is what the user is selecting is equal to sorry, double equal to the men.
It is equal to that, then we want to set state.
We want to set state and call the subcategory value.
Subcategory value is going to be equal to the first item we have within the subcategory of demand.
I think the first item is shared and now we have to update that subcategory in this variable.
I fully understand this.
I know at this point this would be very confusing.
Okay, now we have to call the subcategory list and we then have to set it to where the.
We then have to set it to the main demand category.
The main subcategory key.
What we start.
This second trend is to see.
You could check it out.
Okay.
Click on man.
And you can see main items are going to be displayed.
Okay.
We can also do some check for the women.
So what we can say is after within this we can see else we've.
So use multiple statement.
ElseIf if value.
Is equal to the women.
Who is equal to the women.
We didn't want to set stage.
And change the sub category value.
Sorry.
So category value.
Subcategory value.
I think the first item we have in the copy this is sorry, this I think I have it up via the first item
we have.
Okay.
What we can just do is we can copy this.
And I'm going to go to.
The.
I'm going to go to the utilities dietary.
Utilities.
Where are you?
And we in this file and I'm going to paste this right over here and I'm going to get rid of this subcategory
for now.
You're going to see why we need that later.
And you can see now the first item is dress within the women subcategory.
Okay.
Back to the upload.
So the subcategory value is going to be dressed.
Member, the subcategory value is basically referring to the default value.
So we are basically updating it to address.
Okay.
And also, we have to say Main.
Sorry.
Subcategory list.
This would be very confusing to you.
Subcategory is equal to where is equal to the women.
Women subcategory.
Okay.
What?
We start this.
And go check this out.
Okay.
Now, instead of men, I'm going to pick I'm going to pick a women.
And you can see just we may have heightened the default value.
You can see the stress.
And over here, we can choose.
Okay, great.
I'm just going to copy the rest as well.
But this file is going to be available to you instead of typing it.
You can as well just copy the codes.
Okay.
Electronics shoes and.
I'm just going to copy from this.
Yeah.
To.
This.
And utilities rights, utilities, statutory.
We have to pay this over year and we have to get rid of this subcategory test for now.
Okay.
And.
Get rid of it.
Okay.
For the beauty.
Get rid of it.
And get rid of alts.
Okay.
Choose.
Get rid of this.
And.
This.
And those are.
And now we have to use an E statement for everything just as this.
So we are just going to copy.
This.
Copy.
And taste.
Okay.
Just going to use the elseif.
And now this is going to be value equal to what it is equal to.
Electronics.
Okay.
And like Chronixx.
Hopefully I have no spelling error.
Like True Nyx.
If it's equal to electronics, then we basically want to set stage.
So as if.
Okay.
So.
Steve and now we want to set the stage to say subcategory.
So category value is going to be equal to, I think the first item we have over there is what?
Is what's in the electronics.
The first item we have is phone.
Okay.
And back of.
Is equal to foreign.
Okay.
And it's going to be quite a different story.
And now we have to update the subcategory.
Well, at least to say equals to electronics.
Electronics.
Okay, sounds good.
So you have to do this for each and every one.
Every.
You have to do this for all the subcategories we have over here.
Okay.
And so whenever we choose men.
Man.
We basically want to update this variable.
We have a via or we basically want to add to this list.
So this list called a subcategory list.
You can see currently it is empty, right?
So when we choose whenever we choose men, when is equal to men, we want to set a state to change that
sub subcategory value to set right.
Also we want to update the subcategory list to say men to be the men category.
Right?
So fully understand this else if if it is equal to women, we basically want to do the same thing.
So you just have to do this for all the subcategories.